Add vendor-specific suffixes to v0 mangling RFC 2063 (#3224)
rust-lang/rfcs: text/2603-rust-symbol-name-mangling-v0.md

// We use <path> here, so that we don't have to add a special rule for
// compression. In practice, only a crate root is expected.
<instantiating-crate> = <path>

// There are no restrictions on the characters that may be used

> // in the suffix following the `.`.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this also allow `$` in addition to `.`? I think tools out there are supposed to expect this as well, because of [Itanium](https://itanium-cxx-abi.github.io/cxx-abi/abi.html#mangling-general):

>  Mangled names containing $ or . are reserved for private implementation use. Names produced using such extensions are inherently non-portable and should be given internal linkage where possible. 

Here's an example of someone finding a Rust symbol with a `$` suffix rather than a `.` suffix: https://www.reddit.com/r/rust/comments/t200fl/where_does_in_mangled_name_came_from/

Author: Interesting, yes. Seems likely.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I agree that this should be added.

> <vendor-specific-suffix> = "." <suffix>

Reviewer 3: Can the suffix contain any characters at all? Or do these characters need to be in `A-Z`, `a-z`, `0-9`, and `_` as in [RFC 2603](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/2603-rust-symbol-name-mangling-v0.html)?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
// The suffix following `.` can contain any character in the allowed alphanumeric set.
<vendor-specific-suffix> = "." <suffix>
```

Reviewer 2: Since we have no control over what external parties like LLVM stick into that suffix, we should indeed strive for allowing anything at all. LLVM for example will add suffixes that contain more `.` characters, like `.llvm.3285396211802591752` or `.cold.1`.
